Contacts:
         Volchinskiy Maxim Vladislavovich
         GitHub: https://github.com/Volchinskiy
         Telegram: https://t.me/m_volchinskiy
         Phone Number: +380 99 408 58 86
         Kyiv

Title:
      React Frontend Developer / Fullstack React Node.js Developer

Summary: 
        I develop applications on React and Node.js using TypeScript.

Work Experience:
                The total number of 7 months.

                Metarhia (open source) 07/2022 - Now.
                1) I am developing a Metaserverless/Console browser IDE.
                2) Developed a CRUD system for PostgreSQL, which is defined through a JSON description.
                3) Helped new team members (contributors) to run the project.
                4) Wrote the main part of the manual "Installation and running on a local machine".
              
                We Are Future 03/2022 - 07/2022
                1) Took an active part in the development of an online store of clothing and accessories.
                2) Worked in a team of 15 people, developed pages for the store's admin panel from scratch.
                3) Improved search for products and orders.
                4) Wrote a script to remove products from a specific supplier (more than 24,000 products).
                5) Helped new team members run the project and cope with common mistakes.
                6) Fixed bugs.
                7) Mastered Next, Redux-Saga, Material UI, Nest, TypeORM, PostgreSQL.
         
                Freelance 12/2021 - 03/2022
                1) Make layout for small business (Zoo store, Tattoo Master Portfolios, etc.)
                2) Transfer layout to React components.
                3) In total, I completed 9 orders related to layout, React and pure Js.

Technical skills:
                 React, Redux, Redux-Saga, Next, React-Hooks, React-Router, Formik, Axios,
                 Js, TypeScript, SQL, HTML, HTML5, CSS, CSS3, SCSS, SASS, Material UI, Git, 
                 Node.js, Express, Nest, TypeORM, MongoDB, PostgreSQL.

Languages:
          English: A2+.
          Russian: Native.
          Ukrainian: Native.

About me:
        In development, I like that I can create, something, which can bring practical benefits to a large number of people.

        Before development, I did tattoos and drew a lot. Therefore, I pay a lot of attention to trifles, especially to what is relate with
        the visual part of the application. Pixel Perfect is about me.

        In my free time I like doing sports, watching some videos about travelling and improving my English.

Education:
          All knowledge that I have, I got through self-education and communication with more experienced developers.

Salary expectations:
                    600 USD. 
